One Piece Chapter 1155 Discussion - DannyBimma

Right off the bat, the chapter answered one of the biggest questions 
I had about Loki--what could he have seen in Rocks to idolise him 
the way he did. But it made perfect sense once it was revealed that 
Rocks and his primordial crew were the first humans Loki ever met.

Not only was Rocks the first human Loki ever saw in the flesh, but he 
was the first person who ever rivalled him in strength, and the first 
man he ever saw oppose his father's Kingly position. This man walked up 
to the ancient giant and King of Elbaph, The Great Harald, and casually 
asked him to serve.

This was definitely Rocks' chapter from start to finish; and I wouldn't 
be at all upset if it turned into his flashback entirely. This man commands 
something that goes way beyond aura. Roger, Shanks, Luffy, even fucking 
Imu themselves somehow look like chumps when held up before Xe Beck.

Furthermore, what does Rocks' lineage mean as a "Davy Jonesian Pirate?" 
We've only heard mention of the Davy Jones legend once before in One Piece, 
and that was during the infamous Davy Back fight in Long Ring Long Land!! 
So Davy Jones was definitely a real legendary character who lived in OP, 
but just how big was his legend... big enough to warrant a Mystical Devil 
Fruit ability? 

This may be a silly side-track, but I have a long-running 
personal theory that says: The Darkness Fruit was the SECOND DF that
Black Beard ate, the first was one that allows him to eat other DFs, it's 
AFO vs OFA all over again!! Fuck!! I knew Oda was gonna end up making that 
old Long Ring Long Land arc one of the most integral to the entire saga!!

The end of the chapter even brought the beginning full-circle for me, because 
Rocks was the only man who changed Loki's world view, or rather, he was the first 
person who ever got Loki to consider/see the world. Sure, it was in the context of 
dominating the damn planet, but still. It was the first time Loki ever internalised 
that the world was way bigger than the giant tree he lived on.
